fix(safe-core-sdk). `init` method docs (#611)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/sdk/protocol-kit/reference/safe.mdx

{/* <!-- vale off --> */}

<Tabs items={['deployed-safe.ts', 'undeployed-safe.ts']}>
  <Tabs.Tab>
  Initialization of a deployed Safe using the `safeAddress` property.
  ```typescript
  import Safe from '@safe-global/protocol-kit'

  const protocolKit = await Safe.init({
    provider,
    signer,
    safeAddress 
  })
  ```
  </Tabs.Tab>
  <Tabs.Tab>
  Initialization of an undeployed Safe using the `predictedSafe` property. Because Safes are deployed in a deterministic way, passing a `predictedSafe` will allow to initialize the SDK with the Safe configuration and use it to some extent before it's deployed.
  ```typescript
  import Safe, { PredictedSafeProps } from '@safe-global/protocol-kit'

  const predictedSafe: PredictedSafeProps = {
    safeAccountConfig,
    safeDeploymentConfig
  }

  const protocolKit = await Safe.init({
    provider,
    signer,
    predictedSafe
  })
  ```
  </Tabs.Tab>
</Tabs>

{/* <!-- vale on --> */}

- The `provider` property can be an [EIP-1193](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1193) compatible provider or an RPC URL. 

- The `signer` property can be the signer address, its private key or a passkey object.

> This is an example of how to use a passkey object to initialize the SDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of how to use a passkey object to initialize the Protocol Kit:
```

import { Tabs, Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Safe reference

## Initialization

### `init`

The `init` method initializes the Protocol Kit instance and connects the Safe account.

```typescript
import Safe from '@safe-global/protocol-kit'

const protocolKit = await Safe.init({
  provider,
  signer,
  safeAddress // or predictedSafe
})
```

> - The `safeAddress` property is the string address of the Safe account. Use this property is the safe is already deployed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `safeAddress` property is the address of the Safe account. Use this property if the Safe is already deployed.
```

      - `owners`: An array of Safe owner addresses.
      - `threshold`: The number of signatures required to execute a Safe transaction.
      - `to` (optional): The contract address for optional delegate call.
      - `data` (optional): The data payload for optional delegate call.
      - `fallbackHandler` (optional): The fallback handler address.
      - `paymentToken` (optional): The token that should be used for the payment (0 is ETH).
      - `payment` (optional): The value that should be paid.
      - `paymentReceiver` (optional): The address that should receive the payment (or 0 if tx.origin).
    - `safeDeploymentConfig`:
      - `saltNonce` (optional): The salt nonce to use. Changing this value will update the predicted Safe account address.
      - `safeVersion` (optional): The Safe contract version to use.
      - `deploymentType` (optional): The Safe deployment type to use. It can be `canonical`, `eip155`, or `zksync`. Changing this value affects the search algorithm used to find the [Safe deployment address](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-deployments/tree/main/src/assets) for any Safe contract, resulting in a change to the predicted address.

> We have two main ways to initialize the Protocol Kit, depending on whether the Safe account is deployed or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two ways to initialize the Protocol Kit, depending on whether the Safe account is deployed or not.
```

{/* <!-- vale off --> */}

<Tabs items={['deployed-safe.ts', 'undeployed-safe.ts']}>
  <Tabs.Tab>
  Initialization of a deployed Safe using the `safeAddress` property.
  ```typescript
  import Safe from '@safe-global/protocol-kit'

  const protocolKit = await Safe.init({
    provider,
    signer,

>     safeAddress 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    safeAddress: '0x...'
```

  })
  ```
  </Tabs.Tab>
  <Tabs.Tab>

>   Initialization of an undeployed Safe using the `predictedSafe` property. Because Safes are deployed in a deterministic way, passing a `predictedSafe` will allow to initialize the SDK with the Safe configuration and use it to some extent before it's deployed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

  Initialization of an undeployed Safe using the `predictedSafe` property. Passing a `predictedSafe` allows the Protocol Kit to be initialized with the Safe configuration, as it's calculated deterministically, using it with limited functionality before deployment.
  
```

  ```typescript
  import Safe, { PredictedSafeProps } from '@safe-global/protocol-kit'

  const predictedSafe: PredictedSafeProps = {
    safeAccountConfig,
    safeDeploymentConfig
  }

  const protocolKit = await Safe.init({
    provider,
    signer,
    predictedSafe
  })
  ```
  </Tabs.Tab>
</Tabs>

{/* <!-- vale on --> */}

- The `provider` property can be an [EIP-1193](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1193) compatible provider or an RPC URL. 

{/* <!-- vale off --> */}

<Tabs items={["url.ts", "eip1193.ts"]}>
  <Tabs.Tab>
  ```typescript
  import Safe from '@safe-global/protocol-kit'

>   const rpcURL = 'https://mainnet.infura.io/v3/...'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  const rpcURL = 'https://sepolia.infura.io/v3/...'
  
```

  const protocolKit = await Safe.init({
    provider: rpcURL,
    signer,

>     safeAddress

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    safeAddress: '0x...'
```

  })
  ```  
  </Tabs.Tab>
  <Tabs.Tab>
  ```typescript
  import Safe from '@safe-global/protocol-kit'

>   const eip1193 = window.ethereum

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  const eip1193 = window.ethereum
  
```

  const protocolKit = await Safe.init({
    provider: eip1193,
    signer,

>     safeAddress

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    safeAddress: '0x...'
```

  })
  ```    
  </Tabs.Tab>
</Tabs>

{/* <!-- vale on --> */}

> - The `signer` property can be the signer address, its private key or a passkey object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `signer` property can be a Safe owner address, its private key or a passkey object.
```

{/* <!-- vale off --> */}

<Tabs items={["address.ts", "private-key.ts", "passkey.ts"]}>
  <Tabs.Tab>
  ```typescript
  import Safe from '@safe-global/protocol-kit'

>   const signerAddress = '0x...'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  const signerAddress = '0x...'
  
```

  const protocolKit = await Safe.init({
    provider,
    signer: signerAddress,
    safeAddress
  })
  ```  
  </Tabs.Tab>
  <Tabs.Tab>
  ```typescript
  import Safe from '@safe-global/protocol-kit'

  const privateKey = 'cc81...'
  const protocolKit = await Safe.init({
    provider,
    signer: privateKey,

>     safeAddress

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    safeAddress: '0x...'
```

  })
  ```  
  </Tabs.Tab>
  <Tabs.Tab>
  ```typescript

>   import Safe from '@safe-global/protocol-kit'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  import Safe, { PasskeyArgType } from '@safe-global/protocol-kit'
```

  const passkey: PasskeyArgType = {
    rawId,
    coordinates,
  }

  const protocolKit = await Safe.init({
    provider,
    signer: passkey,

>     safeAddress

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    safeAddress: '0x...'
```
